All right welcome back.
A student is forced to start reading information using thinker from the database right.
So now make sure I'm going to get out of here.
But make sure that you are inside a folder called see a mass for this to work if not it's not going
to work.
BHB artist and thinker.
There we go.
Now we are inside think we can clear these out and when we got to see this all we're going to see these
little arrows here.
All right.
So how do we first let's find a post actually.
We're going to be reading information so let's find the post and hold that in this variable.
Right.
So pause like this.
And a fine number 6 answer as you can see this is post number cits.
That's it.
That's how we can read the information from the database.
OK.
Now you can also do constraints here.
All right.
So you can do this find sets OK and or you can say where
can you use the word statement.
And you can say where.
I don't know where Id sits.
And then what you've got to do here is to first enter and then you can pull that object and do all the
things with it.
All right.
Pretty cool stuff right.
You can also do.
I'll show you right now and you can do this thing route's aswell.
So instead of doing the second argument you can say where ID equals cits
answer and you can see we got the same article again.
All right.
So there are many different ways of pulling this object here and it's just not think or this is Eloqua
helping us pull the information out.
And that way we can do all the things with it.
All right.
But anyway thank you so much for watching the selection the next lecture I'm going to show you how to
update and how to delete data.
Thanks